K8SPS-586: Add storage class warning to EKS docs (#169)
percona/k8sps-docs: docs/eks.md

    deployment.apps/percona-server-for-mysql-operator created
    ```

4. The operator has been started, and you can create the Percona Distribution for MySQL cluster:

    !!! warning

>         Starting with 1.30, Amazon EKS no longer includes the default annotation on the gp2 StorageClass resource applied to newly created clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Starting with 1.30, Amazon EKS no longer automatically applies the default annotation for the `gp2` StorageClass to newly created clusters.
```

>         You need to specify storageClassName explicitly in cr.yaml:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        You need to specify the storageClassName explicitly in `deploy/cr.yaml`:
```
